[CI:DOCS] build: document behaviour of buildah's distributed cache (#4644)
containers/buildah: docs/buildah-build.1.md

Note: `--cache-from` option is ignored unless `--layers` is specified.

> Note: Buildah's `--cache-from` is designed differently than docker/buildkit's `--cache-from` since buildah's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Buildah's `--cache-from` option is designed differently than docker/buildkit's `--cache-from` option since Buildah's
```

> Note: Buildah's `--cache-from` option is designed differently than docker/buildkit's `--cache-from` option. Buildah's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Buildah's `--cache-from` option is designed differently than Docker and BuildKit's `--cache-from` option. Buildah's
```

> distributed cache mechanism pulls intermediate images from the remote registry itself, unlike docker/buildkit where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
distributed cache mechanism pulls intermediate images from the remote registry itself, unlike Docker and BuildKit where
```

> intermediate image is stored in the image itself. Buildah's approach is similar to kaniko which has its own perks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the intermediate image is stored in the image itself. Buildah's approach is similar to kaniko, which allows 
```

> like the size of the original image is not inflated with intermediate images and intermeidate images can truly be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
does not inflate the size of the original image with intermediate images.  Also, intermediate images can truly be
```

> kept distributed across one or more remote registries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kept distributed across one or more remote registries using Buildah's caching mechanism.
```
